We saw earlier how much power the dorm possesses and this section we're going to be looking at even
more we can do with the dorm actually making our content dynamic.
So depending on the content and the responses and event handlers that were triggering within the web
page we can do even more.
And just getting access to information simply contained within that dorm.
So I'm going to show you even more ways to select elements better select elements Querrey selector Querrey
select are all and a whole bunch more how to traverse through the dorm really to be able to fine tune
that selection process and get those elements that you need in order to make things happen within the
web page.
And again that Dom is one of my favorite aspects of of using javascript because there's just so much
you can do and you can create really amazing experiences for your web users.
We're also going to be built focusing on building several exercises within this section.
So one of the exercises is going to be a dynamic element selector.
So we're going to be able to select elements information from an input field and a whole bunch more.
Also how to build a pop up.
So essentially a modal pop up window above the rest of your content using just javascript.
And then also how to build a web component where we can do in a Curti and style component that depending
on if you click the heading it will hide and it will show different pieces of content that's hidden.
So an accordion style component all via javascript and we're also going to create interactive voting
system.
So a friend list voting system where we can add friends to the list we can vote and we can have a separate
count for each friend.
And this is all created dynamically so creating dynamic elements and adding to your list.
We're also going to show you how you can build out a shopping list.
Track your mouse coordinates depending on the event and apart particular element interaction with that
element and being able to track where your mouse is coming in and what the x and y coordinates are of
the mouse at the time when it's on top of the element.
And we're also going to be building out a dynamic list that can be edited and also deleted.
So deleting all of that dot deleting elements and also adding brand new elements into your web page.
So all this and a whole lot more is included within this section.